The man in this portrait is majestic
At first glance, it is the demeanor of the master mirror powerhouse
How could that be a lie?
Beacon fire without evidence
What evidence do you have to prove that this is false?
The evidence is simple.
Because Qingyun Xianjun is not a man
It's a woman.
Hahahaha
Woman He said that Qingyun Xianjun is a woman
Women's cultivation is inherently difficult
It was even more of a
There is no female modification of the saint mirror.
Not to mention the master mirror powerhouse
You haven't seen the world
How dare you pretend in front of us
Believe it or not?
That being the case
Might as well let me kneel down to the portrait of Qingyun Xianju
Wait until I receive a blessing or increase my cultivation
It's not too late to humiliate him again
How is that possible?
The portrait I emptied my house to buy turned out to be fake
Why don't you kneel before me?
I promise it will work better than kneeling
What is it?
Do you really think of yourself as the Immortal Lord of Providence?
Get away from me
Oh, what a pity.
This splash of wealth
You can't take it even if you give it to you.